Add `--salt-size-indicator` and deprecate some size tokens (#2208)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/foundations/size.mdx

  label="Show sizes"
/>

> ## Indicator

Reviewer: Slight curious on the order of the tokens. In the table above, this is the last one. In code, we do alphabetical?

Author: thanks, I need to update the table. Paul defined the order in his other comment

> `--salt-size-indicator` controls the thickness of an indicator, like on Tabs or Navigation Item.

Author: ```suggestion
Controls the thickness of an indicator used to visually highlight a navigable element, such as a Tab or Navigation item
```

  label="Show sizes"
/>

## Indicator

`--salt-size-indicator` controls the thickness of an indicator, like on Tabs or Navigation Item.

> 

Author: @pseys Do we need images here? Is the copy okay?
